Israeli bombings have killed at least 19
Palestinians and injured 50 people in
Northern Gaza City three residential
buildings were targeted in the al-a and
altua neighborhoods a father is mourning
the loss of his son killed in the
shelling his body was recovered in the
debris my son anas only 12 years old was
killed by the Israeli missiles he was
unsuspectedly sleeping innocent people
like him are the targets of the Israeli
occupation forces on this holy day my
young boy joins 15,000 other children
murdered by the Israelis my other son
was injured and is receiving treatment
yet we are holding our ground steadfast
on our
homeland let's get an update on the
situation in Gaza now and speak to Al
jaz's hanim mahmur zind Bala in central
Gaza honey I see a bit of movement
behind you there at alaxa hospital tell
us about what's been happening in these
last few hours and the impact of these
latest strikes
yes well what's going on here at the
laka hospital is the daily struggle that
people here local residents in this
place families in the central area where
uh we are at a at a position right now
we're seeing more people in the targeted
areas that are only being removed from
these targeted areas either they are
still alive in those areas but
critically injured or those who were
killed and buried under the rubbles to
ambulance dispatch to those areas
particularly on alberia maazi the
eastern part of the central area but
also more recently from the ongoing
shooting from Israeli gunboats they keep
shooting at people right at the uh at
the the coastal Road of the central uh
part of the Gaza Strip here the hospital
it's it's facing quite quite uh
difficult times right now with the
extreme shortage of medical supplies and
the inability of the medical staff to
intervene and to uh save lives overnight
attacks also in increas the pressure on
Hospital in the Gaza Strip the only
remaining semi operational hospital
that's Al Baptist hospital where a an
attack on a three residential home in
the Eastern neighborhoods of the of Gaza
City sh andh leaving 19 people killed
with more people close to 50 of
critically injured and with that number
uh of injuries the hospital is uh is
unable to intervene sufficiently and and
save and save lives and with the ongoing
blockade of an entry of medical supplies
the situations are getting quite
difficult uh in in each hour there's
also this one uh one more silent killer
going on right now due to the enforced
starvation and dehydration Mal nutrition
is spreading among the children
particularly the vulnerable among them
those with health complication those who
need immediate intervention and and
basic and certain kinds of of basic
necessities and Food Supplies they're
dying right now because of of extreme
malnutrition caused by the enforced
dehydration and starvation imposed by
this really military and ever since the
Israeli military started to use
starvation as a weapon of War uh the
situations have been quite difficult uh
for Palestinian children across the G
strip it's important to not out
according to UNICEF we have 3,000
children who suffer from malnutrition
across the Gaza Strip an thank you for
the update that's Al jaer is hany Mahmud
live there in darab Bala in central Gaza